feat(actors): start block download automatically upon consolidation (#205)
witnet/witnet-rust: docs/architecture/managers/sessions-manager.md

For further information, see [`ConnectionsManager`][connections_manager].

#### Anycast<GetPeers>

> Due to [`SessionsManager`][sessions_manager] has an `Anycast<T>` handler to forward a `T` message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the [`SessionsManager`][sessions_manager] having an `Anycast<T>` handler to forward a `T` message
```

> to one randomly selected `Session`, this message is periodically sent it to itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to one randomly selected `Session`, this message is periodically sent to itself.
```
